Initial Planning:
=================


Sprint Backlog:
===============


Update Meetings:
================

Meeting One:
------------

Date: Feb 21 2016, 12:00-1:00PM | Skype | Attendance: Everyone

The group members all collectively went on skype, and discussed the planning stages of the project. In detail we went over what options we could have went with in terms how to implement our project idea.

-	Easier implementation with App development, but has a more limited scope in terms of user interaction and small screen interface (and possible challenges in expanding to larger devices such as a tablet)
-	HTML, CSS & JavaScript, which more members are not familiar programming with, but have an easier interaction for users.

We then proceeded to discussing when to meet in person for planning out the rest of the project implementation details.

Meeting Two:
------------

Date: Feb 22 2016, 8:00-9:00PM | BA2159 | Attendance: Everyone

While waiting to talk with the TA regarding phase one and comments about our project details, we discussed the concerns we had about our project idea since not all members were yet fully on board with the idea of the Programming Tree website.

Once talking with the TA we asked questions on the transitions from phase one to phase two of the project, and listened to the feedback on our submissions from phase one. We asked if our idea was good to go even though our phase one did not explicitly address the “problems to solve” that was intended from us in the report. Over a few more concerns addressed between the group members, the decision to implement the project with HTML, CSS and JavaScript was made. 

Meeting Three:
--------------

Date: Feb 24 2016, 4:00-5:00pm | BA3200 | Attendance: Everyone

The group met with the TA in order to ask questions regarding the phase two details and any suggestions to our project website. The TA suggested to have a “simple” C compiler implemented to use in our project for the exercises. After the TA left, the group members discussed the basic plans and different components to implement the website, and the different tasks were delegated between the members.

The front-end that is responsible for the content and activities of the webpage were assigned to Daniel and Justin – as they went on to discuss some details to implement a game for teaching users memory in C.

The back-end members responsible for visual elements and different components of the page were left to Allen, Wenfeng, Flora and Shamama. From talking with the TA, Allen and Wenfeng decided to take on the task of researching and implementing the C compiler; while Shamama and Flora decided on implementing the Programming Tree data structure. Daniel also agreed to taking down the update minutes and the role of Scrum master.

Meeting Four:
-------------

Date: Feb 29 2016, 3:00-5:00pm | BA3200 | Attendance: Everyone except Daniel

Before the meeting a couple of the website components were implemented – server for webpage, base layout and style CSS, a couple of versions for tree nodes, and the start of the memory game. During this meeting the group members discussed the progress of what each member did, and continued to work on their tasks. Decisions such as whether to use the node popup system or node page redirection were made. Justin dropped by midway to discuss the memory game he was in progress of implementing. None of the members heard a reply from Daniel on skype or text.

Meeting Five: 
--------------

Date: Feb 29 2016, 8:00-9:00pm | BA2159 | Attendance: Everyone except Daniel

The group members discussed the project progression with the TA, stating that all was going very smoothly and have the basic components set up. The group members asked questions regarding the demo of phase two, and what was expected of us for the process and product reports.

The remaining group members then discussed about meeting up the next day in order to work on the two reports of phase two. The group also decided to meet with the TA to present the demo of our project on March 7th at 5pm.

Meeting Six:
-------------

Date: Mar 1 2016, 2:00-4:30pm | BA3200 | Attendance: Everyone except Daniel

Current progress of the website implementations were discussed between the members. Discussions on writing up the product and process reports were then made. Flora worked on the first drafts of the burndown chart; Allen, Wenfeng, Justin and Shamama discussed the write-up of the technical product report. After Allen, Wenfeng and Justin left at 4, Shamama and Flora discussed the write up of the process report. The other members are to finish up their version of “reviews” for the process report. 

Burndown Chart:
===============



Review & Retrospective:
========================

